feat: add support for vtpm (#2279)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-vsphere: website/docs/d/virtual_machine.html.markdown

  the VM is powered off, this value will be blank.
* `guest_ip_addresses` - A list of IP addresses as reported by VMware Tools.
* `instance_uuid` - The instance UUID of the virtual machine or template.

> * `vtpm` - The vTPM will be returned as either True or False based on virtual machine attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `vtpm` - Indicates whether a virtual Trusted Platform Module (TPM) device is present on the virtual machine.
```
